Optimize the Lisa Nichols (Motivating the Masses) case study page for conversion rate optimization (CRO) — focused on getting users to Book a Strategic Intro Call.
Follow the design, layout, and flow used for the optimized Mandali Retreats and Hapi Art case studies.
Do not add, modify, or create any quotes or testimonials that do not already exist on the page.
Keep all added copy factual and consistent with the verified data provided below.

1️⃣ Hero Section

Keep:

Title → “Scaling a Best-Selling Author & Speaker”

Subtitle → “Lisa Nichols Growth Strategy”

Replace the intro paragraph with:

Clarity Engine developed a global paid media system for Lisa Nichols — best-selling author, motivational speaker, and founder of Motivating the Masses. Through creative testing, funnel optimization, and multi-channel scaling across YouTube and Google, Lisa’s campaigns achieved lower acquisition costs, consistent conversions, and global audience growth.

Add an At-a-Glance Stat Strip (same layout as Hapi Art and Mandali pages) directly below the paragraph:

–42% reduction in Google CPC

+52% improvement in CPL efficiency

+140% increase in YouTube conversions

+25% audience expansion YoY

2️⃣ Key Results

Keep the icon layout, but adjust the text below to emphasize measurable outcomes:

Consistent audience growth, global reach, and improved cost efficiency through systemized paid media optimization.

3️⃣ Mid-Page CTA

Add a context line above the CTA (same format as other case studies):

These learnings now guide how Clarity Engine helps personal brands and thought leaders grow their reach efficiently.

Then include a MidPageCTA component:

Title: Curious what this could look like for your brand?

Body: Book a Strategic Intro Call — get a quick teardown of your current setup and the fastest wins.

Button: Book a Strategic Intro Call (link to existing booking route).

4️⃣ Before vs After Snapshot

Insert below “The Solution” and above “Detailed Results.”

Title:
Before vs After (Personal Brand Growth System)

Before	After
Disconnected brand channels	Unified Google + YouTube strategy
Rising ad costs and inconsistent conversions	–42% CPC reduction and higher CTR
Limited global reach	Expanded international visibility
Unclear funnel hand-offs	Streamlined journey from ad to booking
Irregular campaign performance	Consistent weekly optimization cycles
5️⃣ Detailed Results (factual only)

Use verified, factual outcomes (do not include testimonials or opinions):

Paid Media Optimization: Reduced Google CPC by 42% and improved overall ad efficiency.

Conversion Rate Growth: Increased YouTube conversions by 140%; achieved stable CPL performance.

Audience Expansion: Extended reach across multiple regions with consistent ROI improvements.

Funnel Systemization: Created end-to-end tracking and weekly performance cycles to sustain growth.

Keep layout identical to other case studies’ two-column grid.

6️⃣ Remove / Skip Testimonials

Do not include any testimonial quotes, placeholder quotes, or added lines referencing personal commentary.
If a quote currently exists, leave it exactly as-is — do not modify or rephrase it.

If no quote exists, skip the testimonial section entirely and continue to the final CTA.

7️⃣ Bottom CTA

Add a dark CTA block at the bottom of the page (same design as Hapi Art and Mandali):

Title: Ready to scale your brand with a proven growth framework?

Body: Let’s review your ads, funnels, and tracking to uncover the next 2–3 high-impact wins.

Button: Book a Strategic Intro Call (same booking link).

8️⃣ Design & Accessibility

Use the same spacing, typography, and structure as Mandali/Hapi case studies.

Buttons:
text-[15px] font-semibold rounded-2xl px-5 py-3 shadow-sm ring-1 ring-black/10 hover:shadow-lg transition hover:-translate-y-[1px]

Problem/Solution label colors:

Problem: → text-pink-500

Solution: → text-emerald-500

Add accessibility labels:

For main CTA buttons: aria-label="Book a Strategic Intro Call"

Acceptance Criteria

✅ Copy and structure match other optimized case studies.
✅ No quotes or testimonials are created, added, or altered.
✅ All data included is verified and factual.
✅ Mid-page and bottom CTAs both encourage “Book a Strategic Intro Call.”
✅ Uniform CRO structure across Lisa Nichols, Hapi Art, and Mandali pages.